my assistant tells me that you're
interested in resuming med school
i left under unusual circumstances
you remember the accusations made
against alexander monroe
i don't he took a girl
back to his room
[Music]
you know we get accusations like this
all the time so he said she said
situation
what would you have me do
[Music]
ruin a young man's life
was it reported yes
do you know who she spoke to
you
what the doctor's here
is every guy's worst nightmare getting
accused like that
really
can you guess what every woman's worst
nightmare is
[Music]
what do you want i don't know
you seem nervous
no he's hiding from the piper oh
she has to be paid why do you guys have
to ruin everything
it's a day of reckoning
for everyone
you